Add docs and short guide for gateways on k8s (#6099)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/platform/k8s/helm.html.md

            "envoy_dogstatsd_url": "udp://127.0.0.1:9125"
          }
        ```
* <a name="v-meshgateway" href="#v-meshgateway">`meshGateway` <sup>(beta)</sup></a> - Values that configure Connect [Mesh Gateways](/docs/connect/mesh_gateway.html).

>   * <a name="v-meshgateway-enabled" href="#v-meshgateway-enabled">`enabled`</a> (`boolean: false`) - If true, gateways will be created and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * <a name="v-meshgateway-enabled" href="#v-meshgateway-enabled">`enabled`</a> (`boolean: false`) - If true, mesh gateways will be enabled on the Consul servers, registered with Consul according to the nested parameters below, and started by Kubernetes. 
```

>     Consul servers will be configured to support them. If setting this in an already running cluster, you'll need to

Reviewer: This sounds a bit like setting enabled to true will take care of the prereqs. Might be clearer if we put this sentence in the active voice. Also, I'm not 100% sure about what exactly "gateways will be created" means. Does this schedule, configure, and manage envoy?

Author: What about:
```
Setting to true will cause mesh gateways to be deployed.
```

Author: > Does this schedule, configure, and manage envoy?

Yes it creates a Deployment with Pods that run envoy and register as gateways.

>     Consul servers will be configured to support them. If setting this in an already running cluster, you'll need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CIf setting this in an already running cluster, you'll need to
```

    reload the servers.

  * <a name="v-meshgateway-globalmode" href="#v-meshgateway-globalmode">`globalMode`</a> (`string: "local"`) -
  [Globally configure](/docs/connect/mesh_gateway.html#enabling-gateways-globally) which mode the gateway should run in.
  Can be set to either "remote", "local", "none" or "".
  See [Modes of Operation](/docs/connect/mesh_gateway.html#modes-of-operation) for a description of each mode.
  If set, `connectInject.centralConfig.enabled` should be set to true so that
  the global config will actually be used.
  If set to the empty string, no global default will be set and the gateway mode
  will need to be set individually for each service.

>   * <a name="v-meshgateway-replicas" href="#v-meshgateway-replicas">`replicas`</a> (`int: 2`) -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * <a name="v-meshgateway-replicas" href="#v-meshgateway-replicas">`replicas`</a> (`int: 2`) -
```

>   How many gateway Pods to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  How many gateway pods to run.
```

>   How many gateway pods to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  How many gateway Pods to run.
```

Reviewer: Sorry I thought that "Pod" would be lowercase but it looks like they capitalize it in the K8s docs so I guess we should do the same.

  * <a name="v-meshgateway-wanaddress" href="#v-meshgateway-wanaddress">`wanAddress`</a> -

>   Values that configure what gets registered as the wan address for the gateway when running the `consul connect envoy` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The nested values define the WAN address registration that the `consul connect envoy` command will use to configure the mesh gateway.
```

  See the [command overview](/docs/commands/connect/envoy.html#wan-address) for more details.

      * <a name="v-meshgateway-wanaddress-port" href="#v-meshgateway-wanaddress-port">`port`</a> (`int: 443`) -

>       The port that gets registered for the wan address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The port that gets registered for the WAN address.
```

      * <a name="v-meshgateway-wanaddress-usenodeip" href="#v-meshgateway-wanaddress-usenodeip">`useNodeIP`</a> (`bool: true`) -
      If true, each Gateway Pod will advertise its Node IP

>       (as provided by the Kubernetes downward API) as the wan address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      (as provided by the Kubernetes downward API) as the WAN address.
```

      This is useful if node IPs are routable from other DCs.

>       `useNodeName` and `host` must be `false` and `""` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you use the node IP, then `useNodeName` and `host` must be `false` and `""` respectively.
```

      * <a name="v-meshgateway-wanaddress-usenodename" href="#v-meshgateway-wanaddress-usenodename">`useNodeName`</a> (`bool: false`) -
      If true, each Gateway Pod will advertise its Node Name

>       (as provided by the Kubernetes downward API) as the wan address.

Reviewer: I think WAN should be capitalized everywhere? 🤔

Reviewer: Except in the actual settings of course

Author: Yes I think you're right, I'll run through and change it.

      This is useful if the node names are DNS entries that are routable from other DCs.

>       `useNodeIP` and `host` must be `false` and `""` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If you use the node name, then `useNodeIP` and `host` must be `false` and `""` respectively.
```

      * <a name="v-meshgateway-wanaddress-host" href="#v-meshgateway-wanaddress-host">`host`</a> (`string: """`) -

>       If non-empty, each gateway Pod will use this host as its wan address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If non-empty, each gateway Pod will use this host as its wan address.
```

>       Users must ensure that this address routes to the Gateway pods,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Users must ensure that this address routes to the Gateway Pods,
```

      for example via a load balancer IP or a DNS entry that routes to the Service
      fronting the Deployment.
      `meshGateway.wanAddress.port` will be used as the port for the wan address.

>       `useNodeIP` and `useNodeName` must be false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you specify a host, then `useNodeIP` and `useNodeName` must be false.
```

  * <a name="v-meshgateway-service" href="#v-meshgateway-service">`service`</a> -

>   Values that configure the Kubernetes `Service` for the gateway `Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The nested values configure the Kubernetes `Service` for the gateway `Deployment.
```

      * <a name="v-meshgateway-service-enabled" href="#v-meshgateway-service-enabled">`enabled`</a> (`bool: false`) -

>       Whether to create a Service or not.

Reviewer: This might be my own ignorance about K8s, but if creating a service for the gateways is optional it might be good to explain why you would or wouldn't do it.

Author: 👍 will do

      Port that the service will expose.
      `targetPort` will automatically be set to `meshGateway.containerPort`.

      * <a name="v-meshgateway-service-nodeport" href="#v-meshgateway-service-nodeport">`nodePort`</a> (`int`) -
      Optional [`nodePort`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#nodeport) of the `Service`. Can be used in conjunction with
      `type: NodePort`.

      * <a name="v-meshgateway-service-annotations" href="#v-meshgateway-service-annotations">`annotations`</a> (`string`) -
      Optional YAML string for additional annotations on the Service. This should be a formatted as a multi-line string.

        ```yaml
        annotations: |
          "sample/annotation1": "foo"
          "sample/annotation2": "bar"
        ```

      * <a name="v-meshgateway-service-additionalspec" href="#v-meshgateway-service-additionalspec">`additionalSpec`</a> (`string`) -
      Optional string for appending additional YAML to the Service spec. This should be a formatted as a multi-line string.

        ```yaml
        additionalSpec: |
          clusterIP: 10.0.171.239
        ```

>   * <a name="v-meshgateway-imageenvoy" href="#v-meshgateway-imageenvoy">`imageEnvoy`</a> (`string: "envoyproxy/envoy:v1.10.0"`) -

Reviewer: For my own info: We aren't providing a way for users to pick their Gateway proxy (like we do for sidecars)? Is this on the roadmap?

Author: Only envoy is supported right now. Not sure if other proxies are on the roadmap.

  * <a name="v-meshgateway-consulservicename" href="#v-meshgateway-consulservicename">`consulServiceName`</a> (`string`) -
  Override the default 'mesh-gateway' service name registered in Consul.
  Cannot be used if `bootstrapACLs` is true since the ACL token generated
  is only for the name 'mesh-gateway'.

  * <a name="v-meshgateway-containerport" href="#v-meshgateway-containerport">`containerPort`</a> (`int: 443`) -
  Port that the gateway will run on inside the container.

  * <a name="v-meshgateway-hostport" href="#v-meshgateway-hostport">`hostPort`</a> (`int`) -
  Optional host port for the gateway to be exposed on.
  This can be used with `wanAddress.port` and `wanAddress.useNodeIP`
  to expose gateways directly on the node.
  If hostNetwork is true, this must be null or set to the same port as
  containerPort.

  * <a name="v-meshgateway-enablehealthchecks" href="#v-meshgateway-enablehealthchecks">`enableHealthChecks`</a> (`bool: true`) -
  If there are no connect-enabled services running, then the gateway
  will fail health checks. You may disable health checks as a temporary
  workaround.

>   * <a name="v-meshgateway-resources" href="#v-meshgateway-resources">`resources`</a> (`string`) -

Reviewer: All the code blocks under bullet points on this page look like they might need to be indented one more level to nest correctly under the bullets.

Author: 👍
